Agents tutorial (#9167)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/copilot/guides/agents-tutorial.md

MetaSocialImage: ../images/shared/github-copilot-social.png
Keywords:
- ai
- agents
- background agent
- cloud agent
- copilot coding agent
- copilot cli
- tutorial
---

# Tutorial: Work with agents in VS Code

This tutorial walks you through using different types of agents in Visual Studio Code. You build a todo app from scratch, add a theme toggle, and redesign the layout by delegating work across local, plan, background, and cloud agents.

> [!TIP]
> If you don't yet have a Copilot subscription, you can use Copilot for free by signing up for the [Copilot Free plan](https://github.com/github-copilot/signup) and get a monthly limit of completions and chat interactions.

## Prerequisites

To complete this tutorial, you need:

* [Visual Studio Code installed on your computer](/download)
* [A GitHub account](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/start-your-journey/creating-an-account-on-github) (for cloud agent workflow)
* [A GitHub Copilot subscription](/docs/copilot/setup.md)

## Step 1: Use a local agent to scaffold an app

> In this step, you'll use a local agent to create the initial todo app structure. Local agents are perfect for interactive tasks where you want immediate feedback and results, such as scaffolding a new project or planning a new feature.

Reviewer: Super nit feedback: 
- I love how this reads, though maybe we avoid "perfect"
- Should we avoid mentioning "planning" here explicitly, if we're going to touch on the plan agent instead in the next section?

```suggestion
In this step, you'll use a local agent to create the initial todo app structure. Local agents are ideal for interactive tasks where you want immediate feedback and results, such as scaffolding a new project or iterating on a new feature.
```
